docs: Add Documentation for Sharing Collections (#2368)
webrecorder/browsertrix: frontend/docs/docs/user-guide/presentation-sharing.md

# Collection Presentation & Sharing

## Sharing Collections

Collections are private by default, but can be made sharable either with an unlisted link, or displayed in your org's public gallery for everyone to discover. Sharing settings can be found within the **Sharing** tab of the Collection Settings dialog. Public collections will not be visible unless your org has enabled its [public collections gallery](org-settings.md#public-collections-gallery).

> After a collection has been made public the collection can also be embedded into other websites using the provided embed code. Un-sharing the collection will break any previously shared links and remove it from your gallery.

Reviewer: Could we be more specific than "un-sharing"?
```suggestion
Public collections can also be embedded into other websites using the provided embed code. Making a collection private after it is public or unlisted will break any previously shared links and remove it from your gallery.
```

For further resources on embedding archived web content into your own website, see the [ReplayWeb.page docs page on embedding](https://replayweb.page/docs/embedding).

## Initial View

> Set the Initial View to control what visitors see first when viewing a collection. The initial view can either be a list of pages (ReplayWeb.page's default), or a single page from your collection such as a crawl start URL or index page.

Reviewer: Formatting:
```suggestion
Set the **Initial View** to control what visitors see first when viewing a collection. The initial view can either be a list of pages (ReplayWeb.page's default), or a single page from your collection such as a crawl start URL or index page.
```

And, what does "index page" refer to here?

Author: Nothing specific, just the home page of a website in the collection.  I want to make clear that this can be arbitrary, which maybe the term "index page" isn't good for because it sounds more significant than it really is.

Any ideas for improving this would be appreciated!

## Thumbnails

> The collection thumbnail image will be displayed as a card within your org's public gallery. This thumbnail can be edited from the **Presentation** tab of the Collection Settings dialog. Thumbnails can either be a screenshot of a page from the collection, or a placeholder provided by Webrecorder.

Reviewer: - `card` seems too much of a code/UX term
- `designed` feels more neutral (and celebratory of Webrecorder's design and branding excellence 😉) vs `provided`

```suggestion
Choose a thumbnail image to represent the collection in your org's public collections gallery and org dashboard. This thumbnail can be edited from the **Presentation** tab of the Collection Settings dialog. Thumbnails can either be a screenshot of a page from the collection, or a placeholder image designed by Webrecorder.
```

> ??? question "Why don't the pages in my collection have thumbnails?"

Reviewer: IMO this is more direct language as to how a missing thumbnail would manifest in the UI ("show"):
```suggestion
??? question "Why isn't there a thumbnail preview for my page?"
```

>     If you have uploaded archived items captured with tools other than Browsertrix, some of the pages in your collection may not have screenshots available to use as thumbnails. To fix this, either re-crawl a page you wish to use as a thumbnail with Browsertrix and add it to the collection, or choose a placeholder thumbnail.

Reviewer: Choosing a placeholder thumbnail doesn't fix the issue posed by the question "why don't the pages in my collection have thumbnails".
```suggestion
    If you have uploaded archived items captured with tools other than Browsertrix, some of the pages in your collection may not have screenshots available to use as thumbnails. To fix this, re-crawl the page you wish to use as a thumbnail with Browsertrix and add it to the collection.
```

Alternatively, maybe we don't show this question until we support thumbnail uploads?

Author: Objectively, sure it is sort of an aside, though I do see some value in offering all the options available (which is why I included that bit).  I'll merge it in if you feel strongly about it!

Uploading a thumbnail is probably a better eventual solution to offer?  I would like to update this if / when that gets added!

## Description

> The description, found in the **About** tab of the collection, can be formatted using the [Markdown](https://github.github.com/gfm/#what-is-markdown-) syntax to include headings, bold and italicized text, lists, and links. The editor is powered by [ink-mde](https://github.com/davidmyersdev/ink-mde), an open source Markdown editor.

Reviewer: I would describe the use case of description more (especially vs. summary) rather than focusing too much on formatting. Also, since there's some basic WYSIWYG controls, highlighting Markdown too much might be confusing to users who are unfamiliar with it.

Something like:

```suggestion
Share additional context and details of your collection with your org team members or the public by writing a description. Whereas **Summary** is used to summarize the collection and caption collection thumbnails, the **About** section offers a space to write out a longer, more detailed description of the collection. The description supports basic text formatting like headings, bold and italicized text, lists, and links.

The editor is powered by [ink-mde](https://github.com/davidmyersdev/ink-mde), an open source [Markdown](https://github.github.com/gfm/#what-is-markdown-) editor.
```

Author: Nice!  This is another section where I copied things over in the page shuffle.  Happy to see it improved!
